Moving Router to a specific node (#46)
openshifttips/web: content/routers/_index.md

   --type=merge \
   ingresscontroller/default
```

# Moving routers to a specific (infra) node 

> Label the desired node with a particular label (infra)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label the desired nodes with a particular label (infra) and add a taint to those nodes:
```

Author: I am good. Thanks for adding more explanation.

Reviewer: Would you mind to add those changes? Thanks!

```
oc label node worker1  node-role.kubernetes.io/infra=
oc label node worker2  node-role.kubernetes.io/infra=
oc adm taint nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/infra infra=reserved:NoSchedule infra=reserved:NoExecute
```

> Patch the ingresscontroller to use the nodes with specific nodeselector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch the `ingresscontroller` to use the nodes with specific `nodeselector` and a toleration for the previous `taint`:
```

Author: I am good. Thanks for adding more explanation.

Reviewer: Would you mind to add those changes? Thanks!
